h1. Textpatern Zurb Foundation Templates

Demo TO DO.

Textpattern templates for use with Zurb Foundation 5, using their Sass/Compass build stream.

h2. Requirements

* "Node.js":http://nodejs.org/ >=0.10.0
* "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/ >=1.9.0
* "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com/ ~0.4.0
* "Bower":http://bower.io/ >=1.0.0

h2. Setup

h3. Installing required tools

The project uses "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com/ to run tasks and "Sass":http://sass-lang.com/ for CSS pre-processing. First make sure you have base dependencies installed: "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/, "Node.js":http://nodejs.org/, "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com/ and "Bower":http://bower.io/. You can install Node and Ruby using their installers, and the rest with npm:

bc. $ npm install -g grunt-cli
$ npm install -g bower
$ gem install compass

Consult the tools' documentation for more instructions.

h3. Installing dependencies

After you have the base dependencies taken care of, you can install the project's dependencies. Navigate to the project's directory, and run the dependency managers:

bc. $ cd textpattern-zurb-foundation
$ npm install
$ bower install

*npm* installs Node modules for Grunt, and *bower* manages client-side scripts.

h2. Building

This repository hosts sources and needs to be built before it can be used. After you have installed all dependencies, you will be able to run tasks using Grunt, including building:

bc. $ grunt [task]

Where the @[task]@ is either @test@, @build@ or @watch@. Watch will launch a task that watches for file changes. The project is automatically built if a source file is modified. The build task builds the project.

h2. Updating Foundation

If you'd like to upgrade to a newer version of Foundation down the road just run:

bc. $ bower update

h2. Textpattern templates

*Currently under development.*

h2. License

Licensed under MIT license except Texpattern templates, which are licensed under GPLv2 license.
